41 Param
paled son is a strike desty the
building Hamza, Glory be to God, the firstborn and the first
I was happy. He
was very polite and very good with the teacher. He was busy
every day. He came to me almost daily. He came to me about my work and
checked on me while I was working in the field. I saw day by
day the extent of the massacres related to children,
and this was the biggest scene and the most difficult scene.  Ali, as an
ambulance officer in the Palestinian Red Crescent Society,
affected me and my colleagues, but his
injury was very serious. I was the one who took him to the
hospital. He was in intensive care for no less than a
quarter of a third of an hour after the attempts they made
with him in reception and emergency, but unfortunately he
died after Hamza Hamza was three years older than him.  For
years, I was completely reassured about Karim because he was younger than
him. Karim was attached to Hamza, and
today I can feel the most pain over Karim’s impact and
loss of Hamza,
his brother. As for me, I have begun to hate my pick-up time
from work because I am used to Hamza finding me
at the door of the house, running to me and
hugging me. I lost my son, but  Every day, every day, I prayed
that he would be someone else’s son. Until that day, I prayed to God
that he would be the last child in this war